Well, there are better ways to make money.
You're not going to sell your organs, are you?
That's too much.
I've tasted what it's like to be mutilated.
That's not what ordinary people can bear
I mean in a dream
The opportunity to make money is in the stock market
Stock market, I have money
He likes to trade stocks
If you invest so much money, you will lose it all.
I have so many friends around me
But no one can make money in the stock market
Yes, and the stock market is like gambling
It's impossible to make money and you're not careful.
Do you want it?
Stop, I thought about it
For you
Nothing seems impossible.
So I believe you.
What about you? I seem to believe you now
There is no other way
Okay, let's pick up the sacks and go to the stock market to load the money
Sir?
Your $500 drug and glass stock has been traded
Done. Good luck. Thank you.
What about Sister Fang? Sister Fang went to see the stock situation.
Yiqiu must not buy that medicine talisman glass
Quickly withdraw the transaction